# 常见英文介绍

### Tell me about yourself!

Sure, My Name is SunZhiyu, I graduated from the Fudan University in two thousand and sixteen with a bachelor degree in communication science. I hope to find a software enginner job now.

I have for years of experience in software and three periods of work experience.

I am working as a software engineer for Beike App in Shanghai since December of two thousand and nineteen.

I designed and developed several web applications in the last year. such as a company portal, a leave system and a finacial sysytem.

I am familiar with python and Java and I am looking for a job in software engineer.

I am self-driven and quick learning. I believe I have the combination of experience and entusiasm to help me work well in MicroSoft.

Thank you for the opportunity.

### How would you describe yourself？

I am not confortable with settling.
I am ambitious and self-driven.


I learned a lot. It was challenging and rewarding.


Tell me about a challenge you've faced at work and how you dealt wiht it?

I my most recently role, the biggest challenge that I overcame was that

Why do you want to do this job?


### Would you briefly describe this company to me?

### Would you describe your typical working day?

### What were some of your achievements in your last job?

### What were some of disappointments in your last job?

### How would you evaluate the progress you made in your last job?

### Waht do you see as your weaknesses as an employee?

I am not a great public speaker. When speaking in public, I feel uncomfortable unless the topic is familiar. So I have to be well prepared before giving a presentation. As a matter of fact, I did lots of preparations for our interview today!


### Why do you want to leave your job?

To be honest, the resaon I quit is that I am not pleased by current job.
'
First of All, Because of the pressure of Shanghai. I want to look for opportunities in other cities.

Secondly, The projects in my department are not good enough for me. The current job is comfortable and not challenging for me.

Thirdly, The career opportunities here are very limited because the size of business is relatively small. I can't have long term career development here. My group is too far away from the department.

### Describe the employee you most enjoy working with.

I enjoy working with straightforward people, partly because I am a straightforward person myself.
I enjoy working with those who are action makers. I don't like to work with big talkers or those who are very slow to react. I am a quick person myself, so I prefer to work with the people of the same kind.
well, I like to work with those who are good at planning because they can always make a strong team with me. I am a detail person, and I need to work with big picture planners to achieve the best results.





## 常用句子

Let me see.

